more than 20 years ago
the kids Charles and Francois were
enjoying skate on different ice sheet
and one particular year Francois was
five or six years old it decided to to
join a Speed Skating Club where he had
the chance to learn about about that
sport learn the technique the second
year Charles also joined the club
because he was curious about that and
then both were starting with that Club
and suddenly I became their coach and
then it was the first
my brother I is there very special as
special athlete you have a mind strain
that nobody else he is the strongest
mentally skater that I that I know I'm
looking at him skating I'm looking at
him it is obvious because I I believe it
is doing something right and I want to I
want to be able to be as complete as
here
the secret the thing is to always work
hard believe in yourself and I think one
any sport or anything you do in life is
to have fun with what you do and with
all those little things great thing can
happen
when we work here that's where
everything we started or for us in that
so you know being a member of the same
family in such a context could have been
a challenge but in reality it became a
advantage
you